It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
Not all people who wander are lost.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
We have a lot of rain in June.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn't a good idea.